{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Didot;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Welcome to this READ ME file for home page website in HTML, CSS and JavaScript, as of November 3rd 2019.\
\
Language: English\
Version: 1.0\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You are looking at a school project made for the course Web Programming. For this project a homepage website has been programmed for a record company.  The coding languages HTML, CSS, JavaScript have been used. Therefor, there are separate files for HTML, CSS and JavaScript. This home page contains a navigation bar, two photo sliders, a footer and a news section.\
\
The next version would include pages for the 6 subjects on the navigation bar, and fixed codes for the current bugs. The current bugs are: the JavaScript elements scroll over the navigation bar and the navigation bar doesn
\b \'92
\b0 t crop when the screen size is adjusted. \
\
It is possible to open the code, look at the code, copy it or change it via a program such as Visual Studio Code. Latest version of Visual Studio Code available from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://code.visualstudio.com/download"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://code.visualstudio.com/download}}.\
\
Please do NOT use this code as a foundation for your website, because it still contains unfixed and unknown bugs. This is the first programming project I have worked on and therefor I would recommend you to use other codes made by professional and more experienced coders. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Contact\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:l.defeijter@student.fontys.nl"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 l.defeijter@student.fontys.nl}}}